libgpg-error
============

This is a library that defines common error values for all GnuPG
components.  Among these are GPG, GPGSM, GPGME, GPG-Agent, libgcrypt,
Libksba, DirMngr, Pinentry, SmartCard Daemon and possibly more in the
future.

libgpg-error is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.  See the file
COPYING.LIB for copyright and warranty information.

However, some files (for example src/mkerrnos.awk) used in the build
process of the library are covered by a different license.  Please see
the header of these files and the file COPYING for copyright and
warranty information on these files.  A special exception in the
copyright license of these files makes sure that the output in the
build process, which is used in libgpg-error, is not affected by the
GPL.


Installation
------------

Please read the file INSTALL!

Here is a quick summary:

1) Check that you have unmodified sources. The below on how to do
   this.  Don't skip it - this is an important step!

2) Unpack the TAR.  With GNU tar you can do it this way:
   "tar xzvf libgpg-error-x.y.tar.gz"

3) "cd libgpg-error-x.y"

4) "./configure"

5) "make"

6) "make install"


How to Verify the Source
------------------------

In order to check that the version of libgpg-error which you are going
to install is an original and unmodified one, you can do it in one of
the following ways:

a) If you already have a trusted Version of GnuPG installed, you can
simply check the supplied signature:

$ gpg --verify libgpg-error-x.y.tar.gz.sig

This checks that the detached signature libgpg-error-x.y.tar.gz.sig
is indeed a a signature of libgpg-error-x.y.tar.gz.

Please note, that you have to use an old version of GnuPG to do all
this stuff.  *Never* use the version which you are going to check!


b) If you don't have any of the above programs, you have to verify the
MD5 checksum:

$ md5sum libgpg-error-x.y.tar.gz

This should yield an output _similar_ to this:

fd9351b26b3189c1d577f0970f9dcadc  libgpg-error-x.y.tar.gz

Now check that this checksum is _exactly_ the same as the one
published via the announcement list and probably via Usenet.
